I can get this job and do it well.
Today is a wonderful day, when everything moves smoothly and harmoniously.
I always try to be optimistic and hope for the best.
I expect to get good grades.
I am doing my best to improve my habits and myself.
We expect everything to turn out well.
Today is going to be a wonderful day and everything is going to move smoothly and harmoniously.
I am full of energy.
I am sure there is good in this situation.
I trust myself to make the best decision.
I am enjoying the work that I am doing.
My dog always hopes for the best and expects the best.
I let go all my anger and frustrations and replace them with peace and hopes.
I can earn the money to provide a comfortable life for my family and for myself.
People love and respect me, and enjoy my company.
He always try to keep on open mind, without criticism.
Ben chooses to find hopeful and optimistic ways to look at the situation.
She feels confident and at ease in the company of any person.
I always find reasons to be happy and optimistic.
I have very good relations with my family, friends and coworkers.
Jane forgives people and treats them with respect.
I can achieve all my ambitions.
I can solve every problem and handle well every situation.
I can finish my work on time.
Everything in my life is improving and getting better.
You’re an amazing mother!
You have the best voice. I love hearing you sing!
You can do it, Chad!
Don’t give up!
This piano piece sounds excellent; you must have practiced a lot. Keep it up!
I cannot learn a new language.
I cannot stand him.
I am afraid I might fail.
People do not like me.
I never succeed at anything.
I don’t believe I will get the job.
I am not as good as him/her.
I can’t remember the next line! Ah, I don’t know if I can memorize this poem by the end of the week.
Before he makes any purchases, Billy likes to do his research; he’s so cheap.
The more you work with him, the more you’ll find he’s a very stubborn man.
He’s too lazy to clean the dust off the ceiling fan.
Our new boss is incredibly pushy.
She’s a very nosy child.
Let’s just say she’s dumb.
At work and at home, she’s very egotistical.
THe food is too salty. Get rid of it immediately.
Lots of people are dying from COVID.
Yesterday was the worst day of my life.
I'm going to fail some of exams this upcoming week.
I have no idea what's going on in this class.
I got fired from work today.
I have cancer.
I lost $400 from poker and blackjack last month in Nevada.
The process of manually generating sentences is very tedious. 
The food is too expensive. Let's forget about this place.
My car broke down a week ago. Now I am going to be overwhelmed this upcoming week.
Becky was rude to Chad.
His high ego let to his own downfall.
I'm going to lose in this upcomming swim meet.
The fridge has rotten food and cockroaches in some containers. 